well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so I was sitting with a recently
separated veteran just got out when they
heard the news and then they got to
watch the President of the United States
the commander-in-chief brag and boast
about accepting payment to deploy US
military forces overseas I can't repeat
what was said next and polite company
you know over the last few days it's
been a lot of buzzwords a lot of slogans
thrown around bring him home it was
never about bringing him home
he's never about bringing him home well
he's just getting rid of those foreign
entanglements yeah how does that working
out for you no he's not it was never an
objective of his was anti-imperialism no
it was was making a hole so Turkey could
exercise their imperialist ambitions and
now the US military has become the hired
goon of Saudi Arabia's imperialist
ambitions
why because saudi arabia has agreed to
pay us for everything we're doing quote
you know if it was in the interest of
the american people if it was in the
interest of national security if it was
in defense of American freedom no
payment would be necessary it would be
duty right will be something that was
required something we had to do
not something that would be done for the
highest bidder
deploying US military forces overseas
should not be elective it should be the
only alternative should be the last
option on the table but it's not and now
it's something that can be bought at
least that's the impression that's how
this reads and the thing is it's trumped
so we don't even know if this is true he
could just be making it up it's him
talking about a deal his statements
about his other deals haven't been
entirely accurate but it doesn't matter
because he said it and it's already been
translated it's already all over the
Middle East and how do you think it
reads the might of the US military oh
it's on the market it can be bought the
lives of US soldiers can be bought and
sold it doesn't matter and the US
military is now viewed throughout the
Middle East as Saudi Arabia's do boy
that's how this reads we're the hired
help and why they can be a lightning rod
they're bait
I know it's being sold as a deterrent
against Iran because the thousands of
other troops we have in the Middle East
isn't a deterrent they're a lightning
rod they're bait for anybody that has an
issue with the kingdom anybody that has
a problem with Saudi Arabia because now
they got a juicy target two birds with
one shot stones show they're tough
maybe we should thank Trump though
because he certainly pulled the veil
back let everybody see what it is
because it's always been like this it's
always been about money and power war is
just a continuation of politics by other
means right it has always been like this
the difference is before it could be
cloaked in the defense of American
freedom it was harder to cast US
soldiers as mercenaries not anymore
they're literally being bought
war is a racket always has been it is
possibly the oldest easily the most
profitable surely the most vicious it's
the only one that's international and
scope and it's the only one profits are
reckoned in dollars and losses in lives
pretty unpatriotic statement right y'all
can hold your hate mail that was a guy
named general Butler and before you get
too angry he's one of the most decorated
Marines in history received the Medal of
Honor twice
give me another quote from helmet I
spent 33 years and four months in active
military service as a member of this
country's most agile fighting force the
Marine Corps I served in all
commissioned ranks from second
lieutenant to Major General and during
that period I spent most of my time as a
high class muscle man for big business
for Wall Street and for the bankers in
short I was a racketeer a gangster for
capitalism
and for the record this guy's actually a
hero
there was a attempted coup in the United
States at one point and the planners
actually reached out to this guy and he
is alleged to have responded by saying
however many troops they raised he was
raised the same number to oppose them
because his only interest was protecting
democracy
the thing is what Butler realized is
that US servicemen have been bought and
sold for a very very long time
just normally not done this cheaply
there's normally something in it for the
American people something that can be
cast as a benefit to them now this time
that's just money we're sending them
over there because the paid us the
Department of Defense has become the
world's largest private military
contractor and understand those people
who are looking to sign up they can no
longer delude themselves with images of
mom and apple pie and patriotism because
of the President of the United States
flat out said well if they pay us enough
we'll send you if you're going to be a
contractor understand there are a lot of
firms that pay way more than the US
military does and generally in those
firms the guy over you who is sending
you somewhere at least he knows what
he's doing
anyway it's just a ball y'all have a
good night